nothing arrives
I know
tells crowd beauty who spoke
rodrigo and I stand before you here
to make one more video a box here of
yu
so the folks that buy this box at
same free- market store there that I
I'll leave the link in the description that
again with a box is also special
the lost millennium
I'm going to do her boxing here she comes
same scheme of the other the rise of
and she comes three sticks from a
special letter about and show you
what do you see
the dinho cra all original staff
so let's have the park and we'll see
what is our special guy owes
din also address of B and
maserati the mental weak one thousand and two thousand
eight hundred and 2,300 defense attack
this cut can not be relied upon
normal vote or downloaded that card does not
can be invoked by special vocation
except offering a warrior tell the
who is in your field with the easy to
up as tax while pandemonium
is on campus i pandemonium is in your
Field for us is too complicated.
but it 's a letter now let's go then
first we will open the three
blisters here, lost millennium, let's go
see if something good comes here
staff calls the heart of the boxes and
Let's see if something good will come out and
right now
come on
looks lovely the water had common
blessing of pain and golden year blessing of
thrashing
there was the hero of the legal element
letter erupting from the minefield
dominates the wind charmer
the medusa worm streetcar
Let's see what our rare flame is.
draws the heart of the surviving cards
of is not rolled was nothing in common only
watching bag and good luck to rita one
lovely fire
Another element hero aircraft was
elementary repeated laboratory of
level conversion atrix he the hero of
element for who watched the gx is
also one of the letters from the main
changing shadows
the man drunk the worm jellyfish again
Lone Wolf and come or already in
grave also a letter in common
Let's now see our third blister
here he calls the heart of the
guys for me some shop hype letter
so far the only area that has been
Special of the pec
come on
the parking meter the second sight element
of a small blessing of pain and again
another came in third
the third plane where servos fighter
skull double attack i
there is no more one
ninja white ii another guy has like
millennium scorpion
Good guys, okay, I'll leave the
link in the description there of the store for whom
want to buy in the free market came
right because it is a 100% reliable store
And today we did not get lucky, we just came
this letter here that was special of the pec
all
the rest was no special yes i
I'm going to stay here
for who liked the personal video click
in the shot down here sign up
share and until the next champions